Add release note for submariner PR#2763 (#1072)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/community/releases/_index.en.md

  `subctl join` instead.
* Fixed an issue in Service Discovery where stale endpoint IPs, corresponding to services that no longer exist, were returned from DNS
  queries.

> * The Gateway leader election was enhanced to not restart the pod when leadership is lost to avoid possible data path disruption.s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Gateway leader election was enhanced to not restart the pod when leadership is lost to avoid possible data path disruptions.
```
